so there are a lot of different educational benefits in the Navy, and
I would advise anybody to use those benefits to pay for whatever schooling
you end up using. So first off, you have to remember their institutions
in the Navy that will give you graduate credit, those being
like the Naval War College or the Naval Postgraduate School. And
as far as the Naval Postgraduate School is concerned, you can often
times do a distance learning degree, and all of this is paid for. But
you will typically oh, sometime after the completion of the program.
Alternatively, you could wait till your wait till a short tour to
get a degree from a civilian institution and perhaps use your post
9 11 g I bill to pay for it. If you don't do that and you get an education,
perhaps the Navy paid for a different way. You can transfer
the post 9 11 g. I bill benefits to your to your family members, and
that is a very valuable asset and benefit that I would advise anybody
to take advantage of. But if you're gonna do that, I would advise
to do it early because they do attack on some extra time for you in
order to transfer those benefits. However, if you already have a service
commitment, that time will run concurrently. From what? You're
what you're already serving. So it's not tacked onto the end of that
service commitment. So keep that. Keep that in mind. In order to figure
out how to transfer those benefits, you need to talk with your
command at admin or specifically your ah, career counselor that should
be established in your command.